W-18670236-Make explicit that TCP traffic is not supported (#797)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: cloudhub/modules/ROOT/pages/vpc-upgrade.adoc

Limitation for Restricting Outbound Egress Traffic::
CloudHub VPC doesn't restrict outbound egress traffic, so removing the default firewall rule that allows this traffic can cause failures in your migrated private space.

Non-HTTP/S TCP Traffic::
+

> You can only send HTTP and HTTPS traffic to applications in the migrated private space. Upgraded private spaces don't support TCP traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send only HTTP and HTTPS traffic to applications in the migrated private space. Upgraded private spaces don't support TCP traffic.
```

> Currently only HTTP and HTTPS traffic can be sent to applications in the migrated Private Space. TCP traffic is not supported at this time.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, you can only send HTTP and HTTPS traffic to applications in the migrated private space. Upgraded private spaces do not support TCP traffic at this time.
```

Non-HTTP/S TCP Traffic::
+

> Currently only HTTP and HTTPS traffic can be sent to applications in the migrated Private Space. TCP traffic is not supported at this time.

Reviewer 2: Our standards generally prohibit talking about future possibilities in anything except SF RN. Also, this could be made more concise and AI ready.

> Currently only HTTP and HTTPS traffic can be sent to applications in the migrated Private Space. TCP traffic is not supported at this time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HTTP and HTTPS traffic can be sent to applications in the migrated Private Space. TCP traffic is not supported.
```
